1) Classes : Classes are the blueprint or template of objects in class we define our data type
2) Objects: objects are the real world entity in the object we initialoze the value with the help of object we can access class

3) Passing object to methods:if we send object in the function then it is called pass by reference

4) Polymorphism : polymorphism means multiple form
The word polymorphism means having many forms, and it comes from the Greek words poly (many) and morph (forms), this means one entity can take many forms.

we use polymorphism because:
Code Reusability:
Flexibility: 
Abstraction:

Types of  polymorphism :

i) Compile time polymorphism - 
        method overloading: multiple functions with the same name but different parameters then these functions are said to be overloaded. 

ii) Run time polymorphism -  
        method overriding: The method in the subclass must have the same name, return type, and parameters as the method in the superclass.

5) Access Modifier:
     i) Public Access Modifier:
         The public access modifier is specified using the keyword public. Public members are accessible from everywhere in the program. There is no restriction on the scope of public data members.

    ii) Private Access Modifier
         The private access modifier is specified using the keyword private. The methods or data members declared as private are accessible only within the class in which they are declared.

    iii) Protected Access Modifier
         The protected access modifier is specified using the keyword protected. The methods or data members declared as protected are accessible within the same package or subclasses in different packages

     iv) Default Access Modifier
         When no access modifier is specified for a class, method, or data member, it is said to have the default access modifier by default. This means only classes within the same package can access it.

6) Getter & Setter in java: 
Getter in Java: Getter returns the value (accessors), it returns the value of data type int, String, double, float, etc. For the program's convenience, the getter starts with the word "get" followed by the variable name.

Setter in Java: While Setter sets or updates the value (mutators). It sets the value for any variable used in a class's programs. and starts with the word "set" followed by the variable name